# NASA_space
understanding space constants and equations

I am very interested in orbital mechanics. I wanted to be involved int determining orbital paths or working a on a project dealing  with space. I have been programming since 2010. I learned MATLAB/Simulink in College sincemy first year in college. I became mopre proficienct with C/C++ through  the couple of years. I  have a goodunderstanding how to use the programming language and adapt quickly to other tools. I am enjoying  my timeat GDLS but my passion is in Aerospace. I want to get involved in space missions and preform at my best abiolity and recieve any adviceto help me learn and improve my skills. During my time at GDLS since Summer interning in Summer of 2016, I havebeen  dugging code and understanding programming language and seeing what I could achieve. I have acquire a technicalskills to solve technical problems and want to use those skills on somehting I am passionate about. I have been reading and doing practice problems from my "textbook". I  used in College. I hope I can have the opprotunity to learn and become a professional "aerospaceengineer". I saw on your job discription that we will turn ideas into useable solutions for military and IC customers.I am intereested in these especially...tasks completed(building programs, preform tests, documentation, developing functions,data analyst, develop algorithms. I am interested teachnical problem solving. Hacker Rank practices. reading understanding code programming. develop algorithms. I worked mostly in the Linux Environment where I would preform my coding and testing professionally.where i develop innovation solution. Where I recieve requirements from the customers then write out algorithm where I will beable to code, test, implement, and document my software changes. I have been in many technical meetings where we woulddiscuss out our plan of approach meet required deadlines. My technical expertise includes Windows and Linux. Fluency in 10 scripting/programminglanguages (including C, C++, MATLAB/Simulink), and others . I have a moderate level in other programing languages listedin my resume because I have used it recently but I have a good understanding on who languages operate.
